Improved wording on re-configuring GitHub App. (#742)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app.mdx

![Screenshot: GitHub asking whether you want to authorize "Terraform Cloud by HashiCorp".](/img/docs/gh-app-authorize.png)

> After initial configuration of GitHub App is performed, and therefore VCS provider instance created, GitHub App option will become grayed out and unavailable. You can modify existing configuration without removing it from GitHub, and re-creating.

Reviewer: Can we move all of these sentences below, "Once you authorize the app, you can use GitHub in any of your HCP Terraform organizations without needing to re-authorize." since it corresponds with the screenshot above?

Author: This now sounds like a duplicate of changes you suggested. GitHub App configuration can be modified from both sides, added a complementary HCP side instead.

To add new repositories, use GitHub repository Settings tab(must be repository owner for it to be visible and accessible) -> Github Apps -> Terraform Cloud -> Configure -> Repository access
In order to pull up the pop-up window again, use HCP Terraform -> Workspaces -> New -> Version Control Workflow -> GitHub App -> click GitHub Organization right above the repository list on the left -> Add another organization. 

Once you authorize the app, you can use GitHub in any of your HCP Terraform organizations without needing to re-authorize.

> 

Reviewer: Adding this all in one suggestion for easier readability. I suggest adding bold for UI elements, rewording for active voice, and adding a link to your existing "Create a workspace" article so we don't have to repeat the instructions of how to create a workspace with a VCS connection:
```suggestion
After installing the GitHub App and creating your VCS provider instance, you cannot reinstall the application again. However, you can modify your existing GitHub App configuration.

If you are a repository owner, you can adjust an existing Github App configuration by:
1. Click a repository's **Settings** tab.
1. Select **GitHub Apps** in the sidebar.
1. Next to **Terraform Cloud**, click **Configure**. 
1. Underneath **Repository access**, adjust the repositories your GitHub app can access.

Now that your Github app has access to your desired repository, you can [create a new workspace](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/create#create-a-workspace) with your existing, newly updated GitHub App connection.
```

Once you authorize the app, you can use GitHub in any of your HCP Terraform organizations without needing to re-authorize.

After installing the GitHub App and creating your VCS provider instance, you cannot reinstall the application again. However, you can modify your existing GitHub App configuration.

If you are a repository owner, you can adjust an existing Github App configuration by:
1. Click a repository's **Settings** tab.
1. Select **GitHub Apps** in the sidebar.
1. Next to **Terraform Cloud**, click **Configure**. 
1. Underneath **Repository access**, adjust the repositories your GitHub app can access.

Now that your Github app has access to your desired repository, you can [create a new workspace](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/create#create-a-workspace) with your existing, newly updated GitHub App connection.

> Authorization doesn't grant HCP Terraform any repository permissions; the app must also be installed in at least one of the GitHub organizations or accounts you have access to.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this sentence now that you've added the section above about how to adjust the GitHub app's access to repositories , right?
```suggestion
```

> Access to new organizations can be granted when creating a new workspace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also adjust your GitHub App's access within HCP Terraform itself.  Whenever you create a new workspace, you can choose which organizations or repositories to install the GitHub App into. To adjust your GitHub App's configuration, create a new workspace:
```

> 1. Open the **Workspaces** view via the sidebar. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Workspaces** in the sidebar. 
```

> 1. Click **New** and then select **Workspace**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **New**, then select **Workspace**.
```

> 1. Select the project you wish to create a new workspace in and click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the project where you want to create your workspace, then click **Create**.
```

> 1. Click **Version Control Workflow** and then GitHub App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Version Control Workflow**, then choose the **GitHub App**.
```

> 1. Click GitHub Organization name right above the repository list on the left, and then **Add another organization** in order to trigger the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on your GitHub organization's name to reveal a dropdown, then select **Add another organization** to configure the resources your GitHub app has access to.
```
